## utf-16 转 unicode

```js
function fullCharCodeAtPos() {
  var code = this.input.charCodeAt(this.pos);
  if (code <= 0xd7ff || code >= 0xe000) { return code }
  var next = this.input.charCodeAt(this.pos + 1);
  return (code << 10) + next - 0x35fdc00
};
```

## [检查对象的属性（Checks if an object has a property.）](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/12017693/why-use-object-prototype-hasownproperty-callmyobj-prop-instead-of-myobj-hasow)

> Is there any practical difference [between my examples]?

The user may have a JavaScript object created with `Object.create(null)`, which will have a `null` `[[Prototype]]` chain, and therefore won't have `hasOwnProperty()` available on it. Using your second form would fail to work for this reason.

It's also a safer reference to `Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty()` (and also shorter).

You can imagine someone may have done...

```js
var someObject = {
    hasOwnProperty: function(lol) {
        return true;
    }
};
```

Which would make a `hasProp(someObject)` fail had it been implemented like your second example (it would find that method directly on the object and invoke that, instead of being delegated to `Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty`).

But it's less likely someone will have overridden the `Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty` reference.

> And since we are at it, why do we define this function at all?

See above.

> Is it just a question of shortcuts and local caching of property access for (slight) performance gains...

It may make it *quicker* in theory, as the `[[Prototype]]` chain doesn't have to be followed, but I suspect this to be negligible and *not* the reason the implementation is why it is.

> ... or am I missing any cases where `hasOwnProperty` might be used on objects which don't have this method?

`hasOwnProperty()` exists on `Object.prototype`, but can be overridden. Every native JavaScript object (but host objects are not guaranteed to follow this, [see RobG's in-depth explanation](https://stackoverflow.com/a/12018960/31671)) has `Object.prototype` as its last object on the chain before `null` (except of course for the object returned by `Object.create(null)`).

### 另一种解释

> If I understand correctly, each and every object in JavaScript inherits from the Object prototype

It might seem like splitting hairs, but there is a difference between **JavaScript** (the generic term for ECMAScript implementations) and **ECMAScript** (the language used for JavaScript implementations). It is ECMAScript that defines an inheritance scheme, not JavaScript, so only native ECMAScript objects need to implement that inheritance scheme.

A running JavaScript program consists of at least the built–in ECMAScript objects (Object, Function, Number, etc.) and probably some native objects (e.g. functions). It may also have some host objects (such as DOM objects in a browser, or other objects in other host environments).

While built–in and native objects must implement the inheritance scheme defined in ECMA-262, host objects do not. Therefore, not all objects in a JavaScript environment **must** inherit from *Object.prototype*. For example, host objects in Internet Explorer implemented as [ActiveX](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ActiveX) objects will throw errors if treated as native objects (hence why *try..catch* is used to initialise Microsoft [XMLHttpRequest](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XMLHttpRequest) objects). Some DOM objects (like NodeLists in Internet Explorer in quirks mode) if passed to Array methods will throw errors, DOM objects in Internet Explorer 8 and lower do not have an ECMAScript–like inheritance scheme, and so on.

Therefore it should not be assumed that all objects in a JavaScript environment inherit from Object.prototype.

> which means that each and every object in JavaScript has access to the hasOwnProperty function through its prototype chain

Which is not true for certain host objects in Internet Explorer in quirks mode (and Internet Explorer 8 and lower always) at least.

Given the above, it's worth pondering why an object might have its own *hasOwnProperty* method and the advisability of calling some other *hasOwnProperty* method instead without first testing if that is a good idea or not.

I suspect that the reason for using `Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call` is that in some browsers, host objects don't have a *hasOwnProperty* method, using *call* and the built–in method is an alternative. However, doing so generically doesn't seem like a good idea for the reasons noted above.

Where host objects are concerned, the *in* operator can be used to test for properties generally, e.g.

```js
var o = document.getElementsByTagName('foo');

// false in most browsers, throws an error in Internet Explorer 6, and probably 7 and 8
o.hasOwnProperty('bar');

// false in all browsers
('bar' in o);

// false (in all browsers? Do some throw errors?)
Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(o, 'bar');
```

An alternative (tested in [Internet Explorer 6](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_Explorer_6) and others):

```js
function ownProp(o, prop) {

  if ('hasOwnProperty' in o) {
    return o.hasOwnProperty(prop);

  } else {
    return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(o, prop);
  }
}
```

That way you only specifically call the built–in *hasOwnProperty* where the object doesn't have it (inherited or otherwise).

However, if an object doesn't have a `hasOwnProperty` method, it's probably just as suitable to use the *in* operator as the object likely doesn't have an inheritance scheme and all properties are on the object (that's just an assumption though), e.g. the *in* operator is a common (and seemingly successful) way of testing for DOM object support for properties.

## 判断是否是标示符

```js
  // Test whether a given character code starts an identifier.

  function isIdentifierStart(code, astral) {
    if (code < 65) { return code === 36 } // $
    if (code < 91) { return true }
    if (code < 97) { return code === 95 }
    if (code < 123) { return true }
    if (code <= 0xffff) { return code >= 0xaa && nonASCIIidentifierStart.test(String.fromCharCode(code)) }
    if (astral === false) { return false }
    return isInAstralSet(code, astralIdentifierStartCodes)
  }
```

## 检查是否是标示符一部分

```js
  // Test whether a given character is part of an identifier.

  function isIdentifierChar(code, astral) {
    if (code < 48) { return code === 36 } // $
    if (code < 58) { return true } // 数字
    if (code < 65) { return false }
    if (code < 91) { return true } // 大写字母
    if (code < 97) { return code === 95 } // 下划线
    if (code < 123) { return true } // 小写字母
    if (code <= 0xffff) { return code >= 0xaa && nonASCIIidentifier.test(String.fromCharCode(code)) }
    if (astral === false) { return false }
    return isInAstralSet(code, astralIdentifierStartCodes) || isInAstralSet(code, astralIdentifierCodes)
  }
```

## 判断是否是一个对象

```js
function isObject(value) {
  var type = typeof value;
  return value != null && (type == 'object' || type == 'function');
}
```
