## [睡眠唤醒](https:\\www.geeksforgeeks.org\monitor-system-power-states-in-electronjs\)

```js
const powerMonitor = await electron.remote.powerMonitor
powerMonitor.on('resume', () => {})
```

## [打开文件或文件夹](https:\\www.electronjs.org\docs\api\shell)

### shell

Manage files and URLs using their default applications.

Process: Main, Renderer (non-sandboxed only)

The shell module provides functions related to desktop integration.

An example of opening a URL in the user's default browser:

```js
const { shell } = require('electron')

shell.openExternal('https:\\github.com')

```

Note: While the shell module can be used in the renderer process, it will not function in a sandboxed renderer.

### Methods

The shell module has the following methods:

#### shell.showItemInFolder(fullPath)

fullPath String
Show the given file in a file manager. If possible, select the file.

#### shell.openPath(path)

path String
Returns Promise<String> - Resolves with a string containing the error message corresponding to the failure if a failure occurred, otherwise "".

Open the given file in the desktop's default manner.

以桌面的默认方式打开给定的文件。

#### shell.openExternal(url[, options])

url String - Max 2081 characters on windows.
options Object (optional)
activate Boolean (optional) macOS - true to bring the opened application to the foreground. The default is true.
workingDirectory String (optional) Windows - The working directory.
Returns Promise<void>

Open the given external protocol URL in the desktop's default manner. (For example, mailto: URLs in the user's default mail agent).

#### shell.moveItemToTrash(fullPath[, deleteOnFail])

fullPath String
deleteOnFail Boolean (optional) - Whether or not to unilaterally remove the item if the Trash is disabled or unsupported on the volume. macOS
Returns Boolean - Whether the item was successfully moved to the trash or otherwise deleted.

Move the given file to trash and returns a boolean status for the operation.

将给定的文件移动到垃圾箱，并返回操作的布尔状态。

#### shell.beep()

Play the beep sound.

播放哔哔的声音.

#### shell.writeShortcutLink(shortcutPath[, operation], options) Windows

shortcutPath String
operation String (optional) - Default is create, can be one of following:
create - Creates a new shortcut, overwriting if necessary.
update - Updates specified properties only on an existing shortcut.
replace - Overwrites an existing shortcut, fails if the shortcut doesn't exist.
options ShortcutDetails
Returns Boolean - Whether the shortcut was created successfully.

Creates or updates a shortcut link at shortcutPath.

创建快捷方式

#### shell.readShortcutLink(shortcutPath) Windows

shortcutPath String
Returns ShortcutDetails

Resolves the shortcut link at shortcutPath.

An exception will be thrown when any error happens.

解析快捷方式
